Removed .travis and scripts reference from documentation (#218)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-build: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-base.adoc

build succeed, please raise a ticket to get the settings added to
source control.

> The projects that require middleware (i.e. Redis) for testing generally
> require that a local instance of Docker is installed and running.
> https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop[Docker Desktop] is a common
> tool to satisfy this requirement.

Reviewer: Docker Desktop is not really needed on Linux, how about linking their getting started page instead?

```suggestion
The projects that require middleware (i.e. Redis) for testing generally
require that a local instance of [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) is installed and running.
```
